And another thing I would ask you to watch out for is that people don't understand the meaning of "per capita". 
Write that down somewhere. 
Per capita, which means per person. 
So people will talk about total numbers, and they won't talk about per capita. 
They'll do that to manipulate you. 
I'll say more about that on another occasion. 
How do you avoid, because I talked about it with loserthink, how do you avoid commiting or falling prey to these fallacies? 
Well, the strawman fallacy is pretty obvious on how you would avoid falling victim to it. 
If I tell you, let's say, let's say, I say that Ms. Galvan believes something about teaching, right? 
And of course, I say it and it means Ms. Galvan sounds absurd, right? 
Ok.
How do you avoid falling victim to my strawman fallacy? 
What should you do?
What do you mean provide evidence?
So I've said that Ms. Galvan believes that all Oxford students are stupid. 
Ok.
I heard her say it, she said Oxford students are all stupid. 
Ok. 
Alright?
So, before you all go and complain to your parents and have a petition to have her removed, what should you probably do?
Go ask her.
Yeah, or go, you know, or go research. 
Ok?
That's what you do, but people don't.
They say, 'Oh, she said that?'
So that's how strawman works.
The easiest way to avoid the strawman fallacy is just to go ask.
So she didn't say that, obviously, she loves you guys.
But people do the equivalent, and I see it all the time in research papers, so my senio-, not my seniors, my juniors are gonna write an argumentative research paper.
And I'm gonna tell them the same thing and I bet you some are still gonna do it.
Especially if they are very passionate about it initally.
One of the worst things to do in an argument is to write about something you are super passionate about because you often won't even listen to the other side.
So they will, so what they'll do is they will get a source that they agree with, that tells what that other side, what Ms. Galvan believes.
And then they'll write it up in their paper, 'Oh yeah, Ms. Galvan believes __'.
So they'll go to a source that they agree with, that tells them what the other side believes, and then they will quote them.
They'll say, 'See? The other side believes this."
You see what is probably happening, they're not actually getting it from the horses mouth, they're not researching the other side, you have to go and research or even go talk to people that actually believe that way, and see if that's true.
We don't, we don't do this if people, that, my, my, my idealistic opinion, if we did that then there would be a lot less of the negativity in writing in society of peoples, because I actually taught this on Monday, "Hey, do you believe this?", and then you'll find out, "Oh, they don't believe that" or they'll believe some, some limited way they believe that, but with a bunch of exceptions.
So, strawman argument, don't distort people's opinions, don't allow people to distort yours, do your research.
Those are the first three, we'll take on some of the others next time, like appearing down from authority.
Alright, yep, I think I'm gonna wrap this up.
So, any questions on, we have a couple of minutes so you'll have enough time to...Ok so, yeah.
Wait what's that? 
Ok, I was just about to say that really quick, we have a weird schedule next week, as you might have figured out, so Monday we don't have a Monday, we have, that's why I changed the calendar, I changed it so you don't have to do that.
So I see you Monday, so that means.
What's due on Monday?
Romeo and Juliet Act 4
Now the good news is, while Act 3, because it's the most important act, it tends to be longer than other acts, Act 4 is a little short.
Ok? Now that doesn't mean you wake up Sunday night at 11:30 PM because you didn't do your work.
Alright, so Monday, I'll have turnitin.com all set up, sometime today.